PREFA GE. ix

of Habclfknk, of the Three children, of Zacharias, of the
Blessed Virgin, and of Simeon; most of which are in the ι
Breviary, and the last four are retained in our own Reformed
Prayer Boolr.¹

Yet though¹Hymns, as being of a measured length, and
restrained metrically, are so far safer to attempt than Psalms
or Songs, they have their own peculiar difficulties. They are
direct addresses to Almighty God, which ever must be most ·
difficult to the serious mind, whatever be the difficulty o'f
other devotione. This, in the instance ot' Prayers, has led to
the use ot' sentences, such as occur in our own Semices;
which, herides the advantage of extreme brevity, for the most
part admit ot' being taken from Scripture. lt has led also to
the repetition of the Lord's Prayer, and os the Kyrie Eleison5
and, again, to the nse of Collects, which lessen the difficulty os
addressing Gor by subjecting it to fixed rules. Hence our
best Family Pmyers are what may be called a succession of
' Sentences strung together, the simple and concise expression

of our hhmhlation, sear, hope, and desire, for ourselves and

l others. cong Public Prayers, to make a general assertion

¹ which of course admits οἳ exceptione, are arrogant and
'nreverent3 :hence the Pharisees mede them. Henhe, too, the
nnchastised effusione which abounrl in the present day 'among
those who have leh the Ghurch or lost her spirit. The gregr
Eucharistic Pmyer is nearly the only long prayer in the

 

